hey youtube how's it going this is Jim
cells on RS and you know I'm relaxed
right now got a cup of coffee and uh you
know I figured right now is a good time
for a little story so you can tell by
the title I want to talk about runescape
sluts now whether you think they exist
or not it's totally up to you we don't
want Rick wrong we want pie d I'm just
doing a necro slayer task in the
background so if you want to watch you
can if you don't want to that's fine but
yeah so this was back in let's say I
think it was seventh grade so like last
year all right and not skin yeah but it
was in seventh grade and my friend was
in whose two grades higher than me so he
was freshman in high school so you know
we're sitting there on her inscape and
all of a sudden you know this girl
started talking home and you know I was
like I don't really know what to do so I
just kind of you know just SAT there
just let him talk and you know I was
kind of friends with her she would
always message me and asked me when he
was online and um you know this one time
she was she was asking me because she
knew that I knew him in real life and
she asked me if I you know if I could
tell her what he looks like and you know
I kind of explained it to her you know
it's all a long dark and handsome now
but I you know I told her I was straight
up with her I told her what he looked
like and everything and you know she
wanted to call him and she didn't have
the number so I mean I was like you can
call me if you want so she did she
called me and what happen happening was
instead of getting his number and going
to talk to him instead she stayed there
and talked to me and essentially in a
way I kind of stole his runescape
girlfriend now
I found that to be first of all
hilarious because it's just I mean a
girlfriend on runescape I mean it's not
like I was trying but like she was just
like oh hey I don't want to talk to him
anymore but uh I'll talk to you Jim
sauce and you know I I i called them I
told him about it and just one
definition would just be a prince cape
slut I mean going from a guy one day a
pixelated guy one day to a pixelated guy
another day and I mean I guess was cuz I
was higher level or something because
she was just out of there she did not
want anything to do with him after she
talked to me so I mean just thinking
about that how sad people can actually
be and whether it was a girl or not uh I
don't really know could have been a
voice changer not sure don't really care
anymore since it was seventh grader so
long ago but just think about that like
I would like to hear like some of your
guys's stories have you guys ever had
like a runescape girlfriend or have
dealt with those people who are just
like oh yeah um you're kind of cute do
you want to give me some GP do you want
to give me some free armor and I just I
know that people still do it today you
know and most of the time unfortunately
it's not even who you think it is they
could say that there is 17 year old girl
cheerleader who I know I don't know
lives in California and really it's some
43 old fat guy with moles on its balls
so I mean whatever you guys want to do
go ahead and do that it's totally your
choice I mean if that's what you want to
go for it I'm not going to stop you i'm
not gonna ruin your dreams but if you
guys have any funny stories leave them
down in the comments section below and
expect more videos maybe another one
later since it is the weekend so i do
have more time to upload if you guys
would like to see some more slayer type
videos I no problem doing that because i
want to start getting back into slayer
so yeah hope you guys have a great day
take it easy guys peace